Fix Windows/WSL2 Network MTU Issue (#2)
Centiq/project-tilt-training: ssh-notes/ssh-keys-and-github.md

# SSH Keys

When setting up Git Hub to work with VS Code there are a couple of potential issues you may encounter.  These are fairly simple to resolve.

We will assume that you have a WSL 'machine' set up in Windows.

## Checking for an SSH Key

Before you can work with any of the Centiq repo's on Git Hub, you will need to ensure that you have an SSH key set up.

If you are not sure if you have an SSH key,

- Start a WSL shell and connect to your WSL installation. (A simple way to do this is to use 'Start Menu>Run>WSL' in Windows).

- Then look in the folder '.ssh' in your home directory.  To do this use the following commands in the shell.

```bash
cd ~
cd .ssh
ls -al
```

If you have an SSH key then you will see that there will be two files:

```bash
id_rsa
id_rsa.pub
```

These are the private key (id_rsa) and public key (is_rsa.pub) files.  You need to ensure that they are key safe so it is worth making a copy of them in a secure location.

## To Create An SSH Key

If, having followed the steps in the previous section, you find you do not have an SSH key, then you can create one.
Use this command from the WSL shell:

```bash
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096
```

> Follow the prompts and once it has finisheed then it will produce the two is_rsa files we were looking for previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the prompts and once it has finished then it will produce the two id_rsa files we were looking for previously.
```

## To Upload the SSH Key to Git Hub

Once you have located the SSH key files, then you need to associate them with your Git Hub account.  You can do this as follows-

> 1. Log into Github (http://github.com) in a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into [Github](http://github.com) in a browser.
```

Reason: MD034/no-bare-urls: Bare URL used

Author: Will do.  I will take another pass again
